Hardware and software specifications are only part of the equation. For any modern system, regardless of the ecosystem is is based on, a high quality maintenance regimen is of utmost importance. 

Most of my background has been so far on Windows, and a have a long personal experience ever since the days of Windows 95, until the present days, when I am currently running various versions of Windows 11, both Pro and Home editions on all of my devices. 

While also having long term experience with a variety of mobile platforms, the focus of this section here will be mostly on Windows. 

We will start with some of the cases that I have encountered in my personal home lab and we will continue with some more recent tickets related to the optimization and automation of my own maintenance routines. 

These routines have been based on knowledge, research, personal observation and a keen eye for detail. The objectives that I follow with all of the machines that I manage are primarily in the area of a consistently high quality user experience. Being so passionate about technology, I am very interested in the long term stability, performance, predictability and security of a system. 

For security reasons, the tickets related to this very sensitive topic of cybersecurity will be private and will be shared only with select parties on a need to know basis. 

These are all topics that I am very passionate about and I am continuously learning and improving my knowledge and expertise in these topics. 

I think technology has many purposes, and some of these are related to helping human beings achieve more from themselves and from life in general. 

Artificial Intelligence is here to stay and I can only see many benefits arising from this fascinating new field, which I am very interested in and I think that it will perfectly compliment my long term experience and knowledge of IT in general, both as a hobby, as an occupation, and as a lifelong career path. 

I have shared some study cases here, related to my own experiences and devices, to the tools that I am using to ensure peak performance and stability from my machines, and more of these tickets will be periodically added, as I come up across a variety of daily situations that I think are worth sharing and also, as I find the required time to do so.



For the particular cybersecurity related incidents, I will be happy to share them only with qualified private parties on a need to know basis, for example in career related scenarios, job interviews and negotiations only. Thank you for your understanding. 
