Hello, 



First, I want to thank you for your interest in my work and my passion for technology. 

This portfolio right here is a snapshot of various situations that I have encountered, on my own, in the past 10 years, and some of the main devices that I have used in this period of time. 
In all this time, I have acquired solid support and maintenance skills, I have grown my passion for high performance, high stability, high security personal devices. I am learning both from personal successes and personal mistakes and I am continuously expanding my horizons.
My experience has revolved mainly around gaming systems, PCs, huge fan of iPhones, and some newly acquired, but evolving Linux experience. I also have experience in building my own gaming PCs, I am a hardware enthusiast and a software and hardware tweaking enthusiast. 
Since AI is here to stay, I have committed myself to fully integrating this wonderful tool in all of my personal projects and to make efficient use of various agents in my studies, in my hobbies and in my work. 
Currently getting familiar and studying a variety of techniques and a variety of agents, such as ChatGPT, Copilot, Perplexity, Claude, Gemini. 
Also expanding my knowledge base in terms of cybersecurity, scripting, remote user admin and more topics of interest. As I will expand my knowledge base in these areas, I will also update some more mini tickets or mini projects on my online YouTube, Blogspot and GitHub pages. 


Thank you, 
Adrian. 




XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX                                    XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
My IT Support repository. This is meant as a tech demo, showcasing some of my current support skills. Tickets showcasing optimization, customization, troubleshooting, root cause analysis in a variety of situations, on a variety of systems.  Windows, Linux, iOS. 
I hope that I have managed to share my passion for IT and I am continuously learning and improving my skills. 
Content will be added gradually.
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX                                    XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
